Late at night you are not moved?
Of course I was touched.
To say it's not touching is a lie.
But I dare not.
The water in Yen Kinh city is too deep.
I'm afraid our Tham family can never be saved.
How deep?
Even the name is remembered.
You will know later.
I won't tell you for a while.
Anyway
You have to be careful of these two people, Vuong Chan Vinh and Ly Thanh Hai.
They are all selfish people.
Will achieve the goal by all means.
Not friends
Okay, I know Mr. Tran.
So how do you plan to deal with the Trieu family?
Well, if your mother wants to die...
Then try to crush them from the Yen army.
If not go abroad
The Trieu Dynasty will attack us soon.
By then I want you and Mary to take the lead.
How about splitting the acquired territory 50/50?
Oh my God.
You are here, we, the Tham family, owe you so much gratitude.
If you can get along with Mary
He calls me grandpa again.
How can I abuse you?
11 I will not let you down
I am old.
The world will be yours later.
The king must also enter.
The master group kidnapped the young lady.